# Web开发

## 目录

## Django

因为 Django 包含了创建Web应用、对象关系映射（ORM）、底层数据库适配、单元测试、持续集成等所有服务，所以可作为全能解决方案（除了没有内置的JavaScript库，这样可以自由选择相应的库）。

Django 自称是“能够很好地应对应用上线期限的Web框架”。其最初在21世纪初发布，由Lawrence Journal-World 报业的在线业务的Web开发者创建。2005年正式发布，引入了以“新闻业的时间观开发应用”的方式。

Install

1. 安装python
2. 安装Apache和mod_wsgi（生产环境）

Python内置一个轻量级的web服务器，所以测试环境可以跳过这一步

If you want to use Django on a production site, use Apache with mod_wsgi. mod_wsgi operates in one of two modes: embedded mode or daemon mode. In embedded mode, mod_wsgi is similar to mod_perl – it embeds Python within Apache and loads Python code into memory when the server starts. Code stays in memory throughout the life of an Apache process, which leads to significant performance gains over other server arrangements. In daemon mode, mod_wsgi spawns an independent daemon process that handles requests. The daemon process can run as a different user than the Web server, possibly leading to improved security. The daemon process can be restarted without restarting the entire Apache Web server, possibly making refreshing your codebase more seamless. Consult the mod_wsgi documentation to determine which mode is right for your setup. Make sure you have Apache installed with the mod_wsgi module activated. Django will work with any version of Apache that supports mod_wsgi.
3、T

Reference：

- [https://www.djangoproject.com/](https://www.djangoproject.com/)
- [https://modwsgi.readthedocs.io/en/develop/](https://modwsgi.readthedocs.io/en/develop/)

mod_wsgi

Why，what:

The mod_wsgi package implements a simple to use Apache module which can host any Python web application which supports the Python WSGI specification.
How：

The package can be installed in two different ways depending on your requirements.

The first is as a traditional Apache module installed into an existing Apache installation. Following this path you will need to manually configure Apache to load mod_wsgi and pass through web requests to your WSGI application.

The second way of installing mod_wsgi is to install it from PyPi using the Python pip command. This builds and installs mod_wsgi into your Python installation or virtual environment. The program mod_wsgi-express will then be available, allowing you to run up Apache with mod_wsgi from the command line with an automatically generated configuration. This approach does not require you to perform any configuration of Apache yourself.

If starting out with mod_wsgi it is recommended you start out with a simple ‘Hello World’ type application.

Do not attempt to use a Python web application dependent on a web framework such as Django, Flask or Pyramid until you have got a basic ‘Hello World’ application running first. The simpler WSGI application will validate that your mod_wsgi installation is working okay and that you at least understand the basics of configuring Apache.

You can find a simple ‘Hello World’ WSGI application, along with setup instructions for the traditional way of setting up Apache and mod_wsgi, described in the Quick Configuration Guide. For a bit more in-depth information and additional examples see the Configuration Guidelines.

Note that unless you are using Windows, where such a choice is not available, you should always use daemon mode of mod_wsgi. This is not the default mode, so you will need to ensure you follow the instructions to enable daemon mode.

For a simpler way of running a Python WSGI application using mod_wsgi, also checkout mod_wsgi-express, details of which can currently be found at: `https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mod_wsgi`

Requirements

The mod_wsgi package can be compiled for and used with most recent patch revisions of Apache 2.0, 2.2 or 2.4 on UNIX like systems, such as Linux and MacOS X, as well as Windows.

It is highly recommended that you use Apache 2.4. Older versions of Apache have architectural design problems and sub optimal configuration defaults, that can result in excessive memory usage in certain circumstances. More recent mod_wsgi versions attempt to protect against these problems in Apache 2.0 and 2.2, however it is still better to use Apache 2.4.

Any of the single threaded ‘prefork’ or multithreaded ‘worker’ and ‘event’ Apache MPMs can be used when running on UNIX like systems.

Both Python 2 and 3 are supported. The minimum recommended versions of each being Python 2.6 and 3.3 respectively. The Python installation must have been installed in a way that shared libraries for Python are provided such that embedding of Python in another application is possible.

The mod_wsgi package should be able to host any Python web application which complies with the WSGI specification (PEP 3333). The implementation is very strict with its interpretation of the WSGI specification. Other WSGI servers available aren’t as strict and allow Python web applications to run which do not comply with the WSGI specification. If your Python web application doesn’t comply properly with the WSGI specification, then it may fail to run or may run sub optimally when using mod_wsgi.

Install

The mod_wsgi package can be installed from source code or may also be available as a pre built binary package as part of your Linux distribution.

Do be aware though that Linux distributions generally ship out of date versions of mod_wsgi and for long term support (LTS) versions of Linux can be anything up to about 5 years old. Those older versions are not supported in any way even though they are part of a so called LTS version of Linux.

If you want support and want to ensure you have the most up to date and bug free version of mod_wsgi, you should consider building and installing mod_wsgi from the source code.

For instructions on how to compile mod_wsgi from the source code for UNIX like operating systems such as Linux and MacOS X see:

- Quick Installation Guide
- Installation On MacOS X

If you are on Windows, you should instead use: `https://github.com/GrahamDumpleton/mod_wsgi/blob/develop/win32/README.rst`

Troubleshooting

If you are having problems getting mod_wsgi to start up or do what you want it to do, first off ensure that you read the following documents:

- Installation Issues
- Configuration Issues
- Application Issues

  You can also do some basic checking of your installation and configuration to validate that how it is setup is how you expect it to be. See the following document:

- Checking Your Installation

  If none of the common issues match up with the problem you are seeing and are after other ideas, or you have the need to perform more low level debugging, check out the User Guides.

Both installation types are suitable for production deployments. The latter approach using mod_wsgi-express is the best solution if wishing to use Apache and mod_wsgi within a Docker container to host your WSGI application. It is also a better choice when using mod_wsgi during the development of your Python web application as you will be able to run it directly from your terminal.
